# CCFest Jam 2024

Welcome to the first CCFest ever! This is a jam event, where everyone is invited to make ComputerCraft projects.

The participants create ComputerCraft related projects, and each submitted project will receieve feedback from the judges, along with a rating.
The project with the highest rating wins!

## Rules

- The project must be made inside the timeframe allocated
- To receieve feedback and a rating you must submit your project before the deadline
- Anyone can enter, and you do not need a Minecraft account
- Judges are allowed to participate, but may not judge their own project.
- You may not argue with the judges
  - Points cannot be changed after publication
- You can use any publicly accessible resource (library, mod, etc), that is posted on GitHub, in the MCCM discord server, on reddit, or on either of the ComputerCraft forums. It must be posted before or on the same day that the event gets announced!
- The project must be clearly related to ComputerCraft
- Each participant can only submit one project
- Your project must not be malicious
- Anyone can be disqualified at the event organizers decision
  - Disqualified participant are allowed to participate in future events

## Judgement

The judges of this contest are as follows:

- Erb3
- TBD
- TBD

Each judge will rate the projects from 1 --> 6 subjectivly, along with giving feedback.
The leaderboard is ranked based on average rating.

## Prizes

The winner of the event will receive:

- 10x PG231 LiquidityPool Securities
- 500 krist
- CCFest Jam 2024 medal

Along with the grand prize, there will also be awarded awards for more specific things:

- Most unique project
- Most fun project
- Most useful project

## Participating

To participate, you must fill out this form, before or after the event has started.
(Insert form here)
You don't have to deliver after enrolling, and you can withdraw any time before the end of the event.

## Sponsor

The prizes are sponsored by Erb3 this time around!
